billy mays here are you tired of your
alcoholism being boring and manageable
and [__] well boy have i got the product
for you
max mofo and anything for views asked me
if i wanted to be on their Alcoholics
Anonymous podcast where they drink lots
of beer and talk about their feelings
get someone to be on your podcast then
they asked if I wanted to build a robot
that force feeds them alcohol for their
pot I'm gonna help them fix an issue
with their drinking contests they just
see who can chug a beer the fastest and
then someone wins and it's over you know
there's no stakes no risk I want to add
a little something-something of your
equational spice you know what I mean
you know a little spice I'm gonna make a
cup that tases them if they don't drink
fast enough well let's just get started
a small problem a little problem I may
have procrastinated is a little bit
until the three days before we have to
film the podcast for reference every
robot on this channel is taken at least
two weeks to build so I'm gonna have a
fun three days here's the absolute most
important part of the project it's a
liquid level sensor that's gonna tell us
exactly how much beer is left in the cup
will Max and chatter drink it we're
gonna slip into this hole I made in the
bottom of a shaker cup the sensors not
the right size so it sticks out the
bottom a little bit super [__]
annoying
so let's 3d printer protectors to house
all the electronics 3d print that now
yeah oh this that's right I 3d print
last night oops now let's put it all
together and a really cool build montage
or we could not do that because build
montages are boring as [__] and I'm
about to spend the next 72 hours
cobbling together crap Chinese
electronics like some [__] sadistic form
of Lego was set and I'm going to be
slamming my head against the keyboard
trying to figure out how to run a
website off of a goddamn cup I
my blood is gonna become redbull and my
mind is gonna become along with you now
that it's two days later and I'm just a
little bit closer to death we have a cup
now this looks like any old normal cup
that you may find in your kitchen but
for the scientifically inclined of you
if you maybe pause the video maybe zoom
in really quick you might notice that
this is no ordinance pen so much time on
this piece of [__] but Michael we all
want to know how it works said the one
weird nerd in my comment section well
don't worry I'm gonna tell you it's
really a long and complicated I'll do it
kind of fast you need a computer you
need a Wi-Fi router you need this piece
of [__] Cup I made the Arduino on the
cup is constantly checking how much
fluid there is it's sending that to the
Raspberry Pi which is hosting a website
which charts out exactly how much fluid
is in the cup at any time the website is
also how you start the drinking game you
type in how many seconds you think it'll
take you to finish the beer and then you
start drinking if you finish it before
time runs out cool you win and if you
don't you get the [__] taste out of your
hand it's a win-win let's give you a
real example though we got the website
running on this computer which is being
hosted on this chip here now you might
be thinking Michael that sounds over
complicated to [__] you'd be right but I
only had three days to make this so I
didn't have enough time to buy a screen
on Amazon so it's like five times more
complicated and it needed a B anyway we
take our apple juice crack that open
your taste like [__] I am old enough to
drink in this country I'm in by the way
don't do that if you're not the right
age I'm gonna pour it in and you're
gonna notice that the sensor will read
that it's at 100 right away that's
because the sensor is upside down
because you know you chug beers like
this upside down so and the whole cup is
upside down then the sensor will be
right-side up that's a lot of foam this
is not something I've predicted I don't
drink beer very often not William Osmond
yeah now we're gonna screw on the lid as
I start to pour the apple juice cool
it's built everywhere like someone's
drinking the beer we're gonna pour it
into the cup and hopefully you should
see that graph level start to steadily
decrease if I did it right I actually
can't see it I'm just gonna pray that my
[__] works now we should be reading zero
cool awesome that's wow it actually
worked
I stayed up for 36 hours programming
this a better [__] work now let me
show you the game I cooked up for the
guys on cold ones you type in the
absolute fastest time you think you can
chug a beer let's put in seven seconds
then you just put the beer up to your
mouth and hit start so you start
drinking and let's pretend Mac's
pussy's out and really can't get there
in time get your little taser action on
your hand I am so [__] sorry guys now
let's assume that they know what they're
doing and they finish the beer before
the timer ticks down to the zero mark
well if that happens the timer stops and
there's no electric shock that's all you
got to do stupids just finish the beer
how hard can that be well so it works
most of the time sometimes it goes off
but then it's not supposed to and what's
the worst that can happen yeah charred
skin damage nerve endings I'm gonna pack
this little present up for when we film
the podcast tomorrow today when we film
the podcast today I finished it the day
off
cool it's like I'm in school all over
again alright boys who's ready baby I'm
starting the cyber off plan I like how
you have to tamper with it before we
start so we're actually doing the
podcast right now it was it's been like
11 minutes since I [__] spilled beer
all over that shitty laptop
[Applause]
don't [__] let go of the thing where
else max can't have a go at the cup what
you're going to do is you're going to
take the cup and you're gonna put it up
your mouth you're gonna tilt it like you
would call a beer you're gonna give me
the thumbs up and I'm gonna hit the
start button bit up to your mouth yeah
right now hold hold hold on to it give a
good hold on there randomly shot great
no to see it uh no no we haven't hit the
button yet so I'm scared
so so so a 45 degree angle how many
[__] think about it doesn't matter
this food it doesn't matter when it gets
past ten thousand so put it to your lips
put it up to 45 degrees Chad no like you
skull a beer and I'm gonna tell you one
you start 3 2 1 pick you better go fast
Chad
[Music]
you actually did it at a time I know you
didn't make it before the timer hits
zero donut shops did ya max I don't
watch so I don't know you can beat
Chad's no trying to talk French
Chad's seven seconds by the way I set it
to seven seconds and set it oh we're you
know we're compromising I said five I
never [__] sent five and he said ten
that's definitely a [__] melon I will
hold it here block don't electrocute the
white duo execute okay Owen cool thank
you so thank you so much whatever you do
whatever my No whatever you do don't
touch this and this don't do that max
that will pass electricity through your
heart leave me in the hospital bed just
let me [__] go so just hold it up to
your mouth put it on your lips my pocket
yeah that's like it yeah 45 degrees 45
we're gonna need more more way more like
throw your head back swing that swing
that now yeah I'm gonna tell you it's
three two one oh I love this podcast
he's gonna hate this
[Laughter]
that hard thing was realist buck don't
touch the tomb at the end of the cup
that is the end of the cup ladies and
gentlemen when you through what a couple
of [__] huh now I had a lot of fun
hanging out with you guys I'll put their
episode of the podcast down in the
description when it comes out in a
couple weeks now if you excuse me I'm
gonna unwind from all this with a nice
relaxing drink Cheers
[Music]
before I go I'm finally selling ding
dings I got to monetize for a third time
ding ding is a friend I wrote the
clothes my boy ding ding the stupid
little penis figurines that have
appeared in every single one of my
videos it's just like a little rubber
dick guy with with eyes that's that's it
that's the entire thing
it's [__] amazing is that ding ding
sales are funding the destruction of a
man named Dave now Dave is the contact
at the merch company I work with to sell
the ding dings he called me two months
ago and he said Michael if it were up to
me we wouldn't be doing this right now
but the company really produced some fun
and going into next quarter do you want
to sell ding ding toys and I laughed and
I laughed and I laughed and I laughed in
his face for 45 seconds straight because
that's the funniest [__] thing I've
ever heard in my entire life he doesn't
want to sell it's completely against his
will he's being forced to sell penis
toys on the Internet it's the it's the
greatest thing this [__] grown-ass
Asian man it's asking me if I put it
still because toys at obliterate his
entire reputation as a myrcella I said
[__] yes I want to do that he sold out
penis poster too that was him he didn't
want to do that either
at this point it's they're great but
it's not even
thinking's anymore it's about making
Dave known for sewing penises on the
Internet
I also like the dumbest action figure
you can imagine you put them on your
desk you flick it you throw it against
the window they stick if it's are hard
enough she also comes in this really
nice little artwork box that you should
absolutely keep and with a pair of ding
ding sighs Michael Reaves glasses so if
you want to support the channel
you know what has supporting the channel
that's secondary if you want to help me
break Dave's brain and destroy his
reputation the link to buy ding ding are
down in the description below it's only
on sale for this week so if you want one
it's gonna be gone pretty soon and yeah
thanks for watching
[Music]